DOCS-1089: Update Modular resource examples to use new UI (#1806)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/extend/modular-resources/examples/odrive.md

Note that if you want to only use the CAN pins, you cannot specify an `"odrive_config_file"` in your Viam configuration.
The ODrive would not be able to make the serial connection it needs to perform reconfiguration.

{{% /tab %}}
    {{< /tabs >}}

    After preparing your ODrive, configure the module to configure `serial` or `canbus` model motors on your robot.

## Configuration

{{< tabs name="Connect your Odrive Module and Modular Resource">}}
{{% tab name="Config Builder" %}}

Navigate to the **Config** tab of your robot's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

Click on the **Modules** subtab and navigate to the **Local** section.
Enter a name, for example `my_odrive_motor`, and the executable path, that points to the location where your ODrive module’s run script, <file>run.sh</file>, is stored on your robot’s computer.
Then click **Add module**.

![The ODrive module with the name 'odrive' and executable path '~/desktop/odrive/odrive-motor/run.sh' added to a robot in the Viam app config builder](/extend/modular-resources/add-odrive/add-odrive-module-ui.png)

Click on the **Components** subtab and click **Create component**.

> Select the `local modular resources` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the `local modular resource` type.
```

> Then select the `camera` as the type, enter the triplet `viam:camera:csi` and give your resource a name, for example `my_test_csi_cam`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then select `motor` as the type, enter the triplet `viam:odrive:serial`, and give your resource a name, for example `my_test_odrive`.
```
